#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.2.3
    # via django
cachecontrol==0.12.6
    # via firebase-admin
cachetools==4.0.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2019.11.28
    # via requests
cffi==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
click==7.0
    # via pip-tools
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
coverage==5.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==2.8
    # via -r requirements.in
dj-static==0.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==2.2.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mysql==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-oauth-toolkit==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-mysql
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-jsonapi
djangorestframework-jsonapi==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-jsonapi
drf-writable-nested==0.5.4
    # via -r requirements.in
firebase-admin==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core[grpc]==1.16.0
    # via
    #   firebase-admin
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
google-api-python-client==1.7.11
    # via firebase-admin
google-auth-httplib2==0.0.3
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth==1.11.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-core==1.3.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-firestore==1.6.2
    # via firebase-admin
google-cloud-storage==1.25.0
    # via firebase-admin
google-resumable-media==0.5.0
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.51.0
    # via google-api-core
grpcio==1.27.1
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==20.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
httplib2==0.17.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==2.8
    # via requests
inflection==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-jsonapi
itypes==1.1.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via coreschema
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
msgpack==0.6.2
    # via cachecontrol
mysqlclient==1.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
pip-tools==4.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
protobuf==3.11.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.19
    # via cffi
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2019.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
pyyaml==5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cachecontrol
    #   coreapi
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   google-api-core
rsa==4.0
    # via google-auth
ruamel.yaml==0.16.9
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.14.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   django-extensions
    #   firebase-admin
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth
    #   google-resumable-media
    #   grpcio
    #   pip-tools
    #   protobuf
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.3.0
    # via django
static3==0.7.0
    # via dj-static
stringcase==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.25.8
    # via requests

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
